docs: add parallel option for useSWRInfinite (#446)
vercel/swr-site: pages/docs/pagination.es-ES.mdx

}
```

### Parallel Fetching Mode

> By default, `useSWRInfinite` fetches each page data sequentially. That makes sense because `useSWRInfinite` supports APIs based on the returned data, like cursor-based API. However, getting all page data takes a long time when we have many pages. You can fetch all page data in parallel by enabling the `parallel` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default behavior of useSWRInfinite is to fetch data for each page in sequence, as key creation is based on the previously fetched data. However, fetching data sequentially for a large number of pages may not be optimal, particularly if the pages are not interdependent. By specifying `parallel` option to `true` will let you fetch pages independently in parallel, which can significantly speed up the loading process.
```

```jsx
// parallel = false (default)
// page1 ===> page2 ===> page3 ===> done
//
// parallel = true

> // page1 ===>
> // page2 ===> done
> // page3 ===>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// page1 ==> done
// page2 =====> done
// page3 ===> done
```
